# Object-Oriented Programming, HTML Tables.

Domain modeling is using code to create a conceptual mode for a specific problem. This model describes various parts, their attributes and how they behave. A domain model will veryify the understanding of specific problems among different teams as well as defining vocablary which can be easily understoof by boyth technical and business teams a like.

HTML tables should not be used for page layouts for a number of reasons. Using a table for a page layout reduces accesibility for visually impared users. A tables use of more complex markup structures leads to poor layout techniques, which can result in code that is harder to read, maintain or debug. Tables are sized according to their content by default, unlike using proper layout containers which have their widths at 100% by default.

A basic HTML table consists of cells inside rows and columns. A teble cell is defined by a "td", or table data tag. Table rows are started with the table row tag (tr), provided the number of cells are the same in each row, you can have as many rows as you like. The top row of your table will use the table header (th) tag, which by default sets the text to bold and centered.

Javascript constructor functions are a special method of a class for creating and intitialising an object instance of that class. A constructor function enables you to provide an initialisation that must be done before any other methods can be called on an object. The term _this_ is different when used in a constructor over a regular object. In a constructor function it is not a variable, Rather _this_ is a keyword referring to an object.

All Javascript objects inherit properties and methods from a prototype. These properties are the most important part of any javascript object. Most recently we used prototype inheritance to make our code more efficient when gathering and displaying information about our Salmon cookie stores. Object.prototype is the tope of hte prototype inheritance chain, date, array and person objects all inherit from this prototype. While coding the contructor functions to caltculate sales in our cookie stores, we created one function which can be applied to each store without having to write individual lines of code for each individual store.
